test: Updating dependencies and readme for monitoring (#650)
guardian/consent-management-platform: monitoring/README.md

## Useful commands

> -   make sure you've run `yarn install` in the parent directory!
> -   you require `frontendDeveloper` janus access

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Run `yarn install` in the parent directory!
-   Ensure you have [`frontendDeveloper` janus access](https://github.com/guardian/janus/blob/main/guData/src/main/scala/com/gu/janus/data/Access.scala)
- Request and apply AWS credentials for `Frontend` on the command line with [Janus](https://janus.gutools.co.uk/)
```
